Read Me
this dante is still a beta so dont expect him to be perfect
We have left some of the new sprites in him (dont expect them to change color w/ the pallet yet)
DT has worked its ass off on this stuff, please do not use the sprites w/out permission, this includes the sword and gun as well
the people that have helped us w/ this project are
Syn = allowed DT to base dante on his strider
MKen = helped out w/ dantes blazing gun special
Axel Ryman = made the dante vids
Dark Valentine = encoded the videos

DT:
the leader: Alexlexus
the helper coder (pun intended): Zeckle(laxxe23)
the main spriter: WanteD
the spriter: TFOS (true face of stupid)

warehousing:
we dont tolerate warehousing and if we find this warehoused we will either pull dante till the end or we might just go and raid it...then pull dante)
This version is the beta 2
Uploaded on the 18th of august 2007
this will go in every file XD

Editing:
If we for some reason find edited versions being displayed in public or
being announced, I (WanteD) will sease to continue the new model of
spriting for dante there for no 1 will get the finished version.




button config

x= lp   y=hp   z= mode swtich

a= lk   b=hk   c= throw not implimented yet( unused button)




Move list:

Devils Rage fataility:

	x+a 
	when asked to prove yourself.



Supers:

Devil trigger (combo mulitplyer) freehand and sword mode.

	d, df, f, x+y


Air Devil trigger (combo multiplyer) freehand and sword mode.

	d, df, f, x+y

Million Stab  freehand and sword mode.

	d, df, f, d, df, f, x or y


Blazing Ebony&Ivory freehand and sword mode.

	d, db, b, d, db, b, x or y


Rain storm    sword mode only and not done yet

	In the air  d, db, b, x+y



------------------------------------------------
Specials:

Stinger   sword mode only


	d, df, f, y

Shout gun  freehand and sword mode. can be done in the air

	f, d , df, b

Show shout gun:

	d, d, a or b

Uppercut kick  sword mode only ( this move will be changed)

	f, d, df, x or  y


Move links

    1)press y then mode switch for link combo aka from my teacher syn
    2)press b then mode switch for a nasty combo uppder cut kick.


----------------------------------------------------

special features:


Taunt  "common whimp"

  Start


Air dash fwd and back

  F,F, in air or B,B,


dash fwd and bwk

   f,f or b,b





Dante isn't done yet so please understand he needs work.
Move list by Alexlexus.





















